[Music]
hi this is Jason Spencer with world
music supply today I'm gonna have a look
at the Pro Junior amp by fender little
guy is pretty simple shouldn't take too
long to discuss and I'll tell you about
it and let you hear how it sounds
start off get the single speaker this is
a 15 watt amp he uses 2 12 ax7 s and 2
el84 s in the output real simple with
the controls you've got a tone and a
volume no master volume
the only real drive you get is by
cranking it and really pushing the tubes
and I'll let you hear a few examples of
that I'm gonna start off with it really
look kind of low like this and let you
hear some of the cleaner sounds it'll
produce
[Music]
that's what the tone all the way down
I'm gonna push it up to about halfway
like most fender amps this is a pretty
bright amp and I'll let you hear hear
what that sounds like
[Music]
you bring it up a little bit more I
think it's really get some of that
Nashville kind of sound and now I'm
gonna push the volume up a little bit I
just kind of put the tone back at 12
o'clock yeah it starts to break up it
breaks up really organically and it's
real responsive to how you play here
there as I kind of pick harder and dig
in a little bit more pushes it a little
bit harder
[Music]
and as you continue to bring it up you
get a little bit more that power tube
grit
here it is cranked I'm gonna back the
tone off a little bit because it is so
bright but with the level all the way up
you get some pretty pleasing rock and
blues kind of sounds
[Music]
and again even there with it with it
cranked and breaking up you can really
can really do a lot to control it
dynamically both by playing and using
the volume control I'm just gonna show
you if you roll it back here a little
bit
pull it back about half way
[Music]
really cleans up nicely and even just by
controlling how hard you play you can
really really control how much it breaks
up there and that's really all there is
to it it's a real simple amp it sounds
great
great for studios good for live I'd say
a lot of a lot of live sessions you
probably gonna have to you know mic it
but otherwise I think it's a great
sounding amp and it's easy on the wallet
that's the pro junior by fender